update RENN and AllKNN (#1022)
scikit-learn-contrib/imbalanced-learn: doc/under_sampling.rst

   >>> print(sorted(Counter(y_resampled).items()))
   [(0, 64), (1, 208), (2, 4551)]

> The user can set up the number of times the ENN method should be repeated through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can set up the number of times the edited nearest neighbours method should be repeated through the
```

paramter `max_iter`.

The repetitions will stop when:

1. the maximum number of iterations is reached, or
2. no more observations are removed, or
3. one of the majority classes becomes a minority class, or
4. one of the majority classes disappears during the undersampling.

All KNN
~~~~~~~

:class:`AllKNN` is a variation of the
:class:`RepeatedEditedNearestNeighbours` where the number of neighbours evaluated at
each round of ENN increases. It starts by editing based on 1 closest neighbour, and it
increases the neighbourhood by 1 at each iteration :cite:`tomek1976experiment`::

  >>> from imblearn.under_sampling import AllKNN
  >>> allknn = AllKNN()
  >>> X_resampled, y_resampled = allknn.fit_resample(X, y)
  >>> print(sorted(Counter(y_resampled).items()))
  [(0, 64), (1, 220), (2, 4601)]

:class:`AllKNN` stops cleaning when the maximum number of neighbours to examine, which

> is determined by the user through the parameter ``n_neighbors` is reached, or when the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is determined by the user through the parameter `n_neighbors` is reached, or when the
```

majority class becomes the minority class.

> In the example below, we see that ENN, RENN and AllKNN have similar impact when

Reviewer: Could we refer to the class when presenting ENN RENN AlKNN:

```python
:class:`EditedNearestNeighbours`, etc.
```
